Your eldest sister
Are you playing hard to get?
Dad, don't worry.
Although I don't mind this
It has nothing to do with Dad
Woman what happens
But this woman who doesn't take the initiative
As large
Not interested
Born as a member of the company family
If you don't have a stake in meditation.
Really inappropriate
So look at this contract
Can you?
In other words, it's all his fault
No wonder others
This guy?
It is too much to negotiate later.
Swallow the imperative
Is to solve the project problem
willing to admit defeat
What we see today
It was such an eye-opener.
If you hadn't seen it with your own eyes
I can't believe it!
The first-class Lin's Group in Zhongzhou
The inside is so unbearable
Not even the most basic fairness
Now it seems
Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce terminates cooperation with Lin's Group
Go in again
Nanan venue
We signed a contract
Yeah, so what?
I will sign this contract as soon as the Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce can.
Naturally, it can be said that it will be destroyed
If you don't accept
You can go to the son to sue you
You don't have the guts to measure